Not as far as a grade, no, no, no.
I've had pressure put on them to try to do something to get my student or my son a dorm room or get them a meditation.
I don't have anything to do with that, but they, you know, they call me.
Because they think, because they know you.
Yeah, that's right, yeah.
They say, well, can't you do something?
They can't get in the dorms.
I can't do a thing.
I've had that a few times.
Get in vet school occasionally, but you know, tell them they're selected by certain procedures, and I can't do anything with that.
All right, the next last question then that I can think of is,
If somebody gave you a check for a million dollars with one restriction, you must pass it to A&M, but you decide the use of the money, what would you want?
Student scholarship funds, student loan funds.
For what kind of students?
For our veterinary students, I think, or even our summer pre-vet students.
Which ones?
You know, how would I limit it?
Yeah, yeah.
How do you select the?
Right now, I would say those that have a rural or farm ranch background, try to get more in food animal medicine.
I'd like to see that.
But do the, is it based on their grades or their financial needs or what?
Oh, I see what you mean.
It'd be based a little bit on financial need but grades too.
But the thing, well, yeah, financial need and grades together.
But not exclusively, either one.
Okay.
For example, I've quit interviewing students because I got so upset.
I had two students who had a 3.2 grade average.
I mean fairly good.
but didn't get in because they weren't good enough.
Well, these two students went home every weekend to work on the farm or the ranch people.
If they could stay here and get study all weekend, they would get their 3.5.
Those PBX, that's what you want.
They got that worth ethic.
I like to give it to students like that.
Okay, the last one that I can think of is what feelings do you have in your heart for Texas A&M?
I feel very good about it.
Sometimes get a little frustrated with the, we tend to spend too much money on football stadiums and not enough on classrooms.
That's what my pet peeves were.
Can I ask a question?
Oh, of course, of course.
And since I don't,
I don't know anybody in this whole thing, and the only thing I have is a little bit of reading knowledge of what I've been doing in the background recently.
You were mentioning Dr. Jaggi, or Jaggi, or whatever.
Jaggi.
And there's a Dr. Milliff.
Milliff.
M-I-L-L-I-F-L.
John Milliff.
I've never met either one of these persons.
I don't even know they're still alive.
They're not, no.
Okay, but I did tell you I was looking at these interviews done in 1980, and again, I don't even know, except working for
just this little project.
And it seemed to me that you're a lot different just by listening to you in the flesh than these individuals were.
And it's not a derogatory.
It's just an observation I'm making that you seem to be, how would I say it,
actually more educated, PhD-wise, more polished, while your predecessors, just by looking at, like I said, I just read these interviews, they were more like of a down-to-earth, kind of a commonsensical, kind of like, they'd say what's on their mind.
I remember seeing
Dr. Trevino, you mentioned his name, he said something about, and he just flat out in his interview said, bullshit.
And these people just seemed to be this kind of down to earth, kind of not so much as
Maybe because the state of medicine was different then is what I guess I'm trying to say and you just seem to be like a different kind of person than you have now on the faculty.
Am I correct?
A lot of that's true and a lot of that changed when we got more women in.
The language was quite a bit different really.
I was forced, I focused and forced on me not to use those type of words or even racial terms.
You know, I didn't use those, but that's very common here when I came.
No, you're saying, they talked about how rough it was in the Corps of Cadets and stuff.
It just seemed like it was, the faculty, not only the student body has changed, but the faculty has changed.
They have.
Maybe much, because medicine has gotten so much more advanced in the last 20 years.
Well, that could be part of it.
Yeah, it's become more sophisticated, really it has.
And another change would be in most parts of the campus, I don't know about here, the younger faculty will not have on the white shirt and tie every day.
That's right, oh yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
When I came here, Dr. Price said you wear shirt and tie and coat if necessary every day.
You don't wear boots, you're clean shaven.
And he told me one other thing, I like to work weekends, you know, vacations doing veterinary medicine, you know, take care of people's animals and stuff.
He says, you will not get your license here.
He said, I want you here at the school, not in the countryside on the weekends type of thing.
So I didn't.
I could have got risk positive, but he installed that stuff.
You wear a shirt and tie.
Every day, and coat too, necessary.
He wears short sleeve shirts in the summertime, of course, but he wears shoes.
There's no doubt about it, if you didn't wear them, you're out.
We have one fellow, Ned Ellick, I remember him.
He went away for sabbatical for a year, came back in a beard.
I saw him walk down the hall and Dean Price saw him.
He had that beard off that day.
He told him, you get rid of that beard or you're out of here.
That's the way it was.
Did you finish before we interrupted you about your feelings about A&M today?
I feel very good about it, but I do have those hang-ups about big salaries for the head coaches and they do a good job, but I think it's travesty that in particular classrooms where you look at Kyle Field over there, it's going to get bigger.
How many times a year is that used?
How often are classrooms used?
We don't have enough classrooms.
Now they're going to buy a building out here south of town just so they have more space.
I teach school real public health students and they're over in the Wells Fargo building.
That's a crime department.
I just feel that way.
I agree with that.
I mean I'm only a grad student.
I think football, you know, it's like I graduated with a master's from the University of Louisville.
I didn't graduate with a degree in basketball.
Mine was in history and I felt that the basketball coach, like you say, he might be very good, Denny Crum, but he's not worth a quarter million dollars if you put it into the university.
But I like football.
I like them all, but I don't see where we've got to have an edifice that you can see from Caldwell.
That's a great thing.